docs/operation/subscriber-removal.md, before:

## Removing a Micronets MSO Subscriber:

### for NCCoE Build 3

Removing a subscriber involves removing the subscriber from the MSO Portal database, 
removing the subscriber's micronets, and removing the subscriber's Micronets Manager.

0. Remove the subscriber from the MSO Portal using:

    ```
    curl -s -X DELETE https://my-server.org/micronets/mso-portal/portal/v1/subscriber/subscriber-001
    ```

0. Verify the subscriber is removed from the MSO Portal:

    ```
    curl -s https://my-server.org/micronets/mso-portal/portal/v1/subscriber/subscriber-001
    curl -s https://my-server.org/micronets/mso-portal/portal/v1/users/subscriber-001
    curl -s https://my-server.org/micronets/mso-portal/portal/v1/socket/subscriber-001
    ```

    Note: If there are issues deleting the subscriber from the subtables (if the above queries
    return non-empty results - e.g. due to issues communicating with the peer Micronets Manager), 
    the subscriber entries in the mso-portal subtables can be deleted using:

    ```
    curl -s -X DELETE https://my-server.org/micronets/mso-portal/portal/v1/users/subscriber-001
    curl -s -X DELETE https://my-server.org/micronets/mso-portal/portal/v1/socket/subscriber-001
    ```

0. Remove all the Micronets for the subscriber using:

    ```
    curl -s -X DELETE https://my-server.org/sub/subscriber-001/api/mm/v1/subscriber/subscriber-001/micronets
    ```

0. You can verify the Micronets have been deleted by running:

    ```
    curl -s https://my-server.org/sub/subscriber-001/api/mm/v1/subscriber/subscriber-001/micronets
    ```
    
    Which should return an empty `micronets` list. e.g.
    
    ```
    {
       "skip" : 0,
       "data" : [
          {
             "micronets" : [],
             "ssid" : "micronets-gw",
             "name" : "Subscriber 001",
             "gatewayId" : "micronets-gw",
             "id" : "subscriber-001",
             ...
          }
       ],
       "total" : 1,
       "limit" : 500
    }
    ```

0. Remove the Micronets Manager docker container for a subscriber by running:

    ```
    /etc/micronets/micronets-manager.d/mm-container delete subscriber-001
    ```

    This will terminate the server, destroy the associated database, and
    remove any nginx forwarding rules. e.g.
    
    ```
    Deleting resources for subscriber subscriber-001...
    Stopping sub-subscriber-001_api_1     ... done
    Stopping sub-subscriber-001_mongodb_1 ... done
    Removing sub-subscriber-001_api_1     ... done
    Removing sub-subscriber-001_mongodb_1 ... done
    Removing network sub-subscriber-001_mm-priv-network
    Removing volume sub-subscriber-001_mongodb
    removed '/etc/nginx/micronets-subscriber-forwards/sub-subscriber-001.conf'
    Issuing nginx reload (running 'sudo nginx -s reload')
    ```

0. You can confirm the subscriber MM is removed by running:

    ```
    curl -s https://my-server.org/sub/subscriber-001/api/mm/v1/subscriber/subscriber-001
    ```

    This should return a 404 error if the MM for the subscriber is successfully removed.

Commit message:

Added steps to manually delete micronets from the subscriber removal instructions

docs/operation/subscriber-removal.md, after:

## Removing a Micronets MSO Subscriber:

### for NCCoE Build 3

Removing a subscriber involves removing the subscriber from the MSO Portal database, 
removing the subscriber's micronets, and removing the subscriber's Micronets Manager.

0. Remove the subscriber from the MSO Portal using:

    ```
    curl -s -X DELETE https://my-server.org/micronets/mso-portal/portal/v1/subscriber/subscriber-001
    ```

0. Verify the subscriber is removed from the MSO Portal:

    ```
    curl -s https://my-server.org/micronets/mso-portal/portal/v1/subscriber/subscriber-001
    curl -s https://my-server.org/micronets/mso-portal/portal/v1/users/subscriber-001
    curl -s https://my-server.org/micronets/mso-portal/portal/v1/socket/subscriber-001
    ```

    Note: If there are issues deleting the subscriber from the subtables (if the above queries
    return non-empty results - e.g. due to issues communicating with the peer Micronets Manager), 
    the subscriber entries in the mso-portal subtables can be deleted using:

    ```
    curl -s -X DELETE https://my-server.org/micronets/mso-portal/portal/v1/users/subscriber-001
    curl -s -X DELETE https://my-server.org/micronets/mso-portal/portal/v1/socket/subscriber-001
    ```

0. Remove all the Micronets for the subscriber using:

    ```
    curl -s -X DELETE https://my-server.org/sub/subscriber-001/api/mm/v1/subscriber/subscriber-001/micronets
    ```

    This will remove the Micronets on the connected Micronets gateway. If the gateway is not
    connected to its peer Micronets Manager, the Micronets can be deleted directly on the gateway using:

    ```
    curl -s -X DELETE http://localhost:5000/micronets/v1/gateway/micronets
    ```

0. You can verify the Micronets have been deleted by running:

    ```
    curl -s https://my-server.org/sub/subscriber-001/api/mm/v1/subscriber/subscriber-001/micronets
    ```
    
    Which should return an empty `micronets` list. e.g.
    
    ```
    {
       "skip" : 0,
       "data" : [
          {
             "micronets" : [],
             "ssid" : "micronets-gw",
             "name" : "Subscriber 001",
             "gatewayId" : "micronets-gw",
             "id" : "subscriber-001",
             ...
          }
       ],
       "total" : 1,
       "limit" : 500
    }
    ```

0. Remove the Micronets Manager docker container for a subscriber by running:

    ```
    /etc/micronets/micronets-manager.d/mm-container delete subscriber-001
    ```

    This will terminate the server, destroy the associated database, and
    remove any nginx forwarding rules. e.g.
    
    ```
    Deleting resources for subscriber subscriber-001...
    Stopping sub-subscriber-001_api_1     ... done
    Stopping sub-subscriber-001_mongodb_1 ... done
    Removing sub-subscriber-001_api_1     ... done
    Removing sub-subscriber-001_mongodb_1 ... done
    Removing network sub-subscriber-001_mm-priv-network
    Removing volume sub-subscriber-001_mongodb
    removed '/etc/nginx/micronets-subscriber-forwards/sub-subscriber-001.conf'
    Issuing nginx reload (running 'sudo nginx -s reload')
    ```

0. You can confirm the subscriber MM is removed by running:

    ```
    curl -s https://my-server.org/sub/subscriber-001/api/mm/v1/subscriber/subscriber-001
    ```

    This should return a 404 error if the MM for the subscriber is successfully removed.
